Feature/improve rtd (#291)
greco-project/pvcompare: docs/model_assumptions.rst

    \text{tc} &= \text{total cookin}g \\
    \text{ec} &= \text{electicity cooking} \\

2)  the population of the country is taken from `EUROSTAT <https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&init=1&plugin=1&language=en&pcode=tps00001>`_.
3)  the total residential demand is divided by the country's population

>     and multiplied by the population. The population is calculated by the product of the

Reviewer: ahh sorry now something is missing behind population :D 
```suggestion
    and multiplied by the population living in the area considered. The latter is calculated by the product of the
```

Heat demand
-----------

The heat demand of either space heating or space heating and warm water is calculated for a
given number of houses with a given number of storeys, a certain country and year. In order
to take heat demand from warm water into account the parameter ``include warm water`` in

> *pvcompare*'s input file ``building_parameters.csv`` is set to ``True``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*pvcompare*'s input file :ref:`building_parameters` is set to ``True``.
```
like this there's a link to the [parameter section](https://pvcompare.readthedocs.io/en/latest/parameters.html#building-parameters-csv)

To generate the heat demand profiles the BDEW standard load profile is used. This standard
load profile is derived for german households. Because there is no other standard load profiles
available for other countries, the german standard load profiles is used for all countries as

> an approximation.

Reviewer: However, it is adapted for multiple countries by [hour shifting](https://github.com/greco-project/pvcompare/blob/50c4740c52e826bf6b40f9eee49bf1c69f44ef4e/pvcompare/demand.py#L562)

Reviewer: ah yes, see point 4 (maybe a little hint here?)

Author: Done with commit https://github.com/greco-project/pvcompare/pull/291/commits/87f85c86b5c53b0b48f8b045f4a89f3c5fb0ec7f.

Due to the characteristics of the sigmoid function used for the calculation of the heat demand
profiles, the heat demand never equals zero. Since this does not correspond to the realistic
behavior of heat supplied by means of space heating in summer, a heating limit temperature is
introduced, above which no heating takes place. The heating limit temperature can be set in

> ``building_parameters.csv``. In case of space heating, heat demand during summer is removed if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`building_parameters`. In case of space heating, heat demand during summer is removed if
```

Reviewer: You could add "and is by default X."

Author: Done with commit https://github.com/greco-project/pvcompare/pull/291/commits/87f85c86b5c53b0b48f8b045f4a89f3c5fb0ec7f.

> the daily mean temperature crosses the the heating limit temperature. The excess heat demand is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the daily mean temperature exceeds the heating limit temperature. The excess heat demand is
```

> then distributed equally over the remaining heat demand. In case of a heat demand from space

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then distributed equally over the remaining time of the year. In case of a heat demand from space
```
if that's better..

> heating and warm water only the heat demand of the space heating is adjusted as described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
heating and warm water, only the heat demand of the space heating is adjusted as described above.
```
I'm not good in setting commas, but I first understood "space heating and warm water only, the heat demand ..." to maybe it's good to set a comma

Author: You're absolutely right with the comma. Thank you! :)

The standard load profile is scaled with the annual heat demand for the given

> population. The annual heat demand for space heating and warm water is calculated by the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
population, which is derived from the given number of houses and storeys (for assumptions see :ref:`building_assumptions`). The annual heat demand for space heating and warm water is calculated by the
```

following procedure:

> 1)  the residential heat demand for a country is requested from `EU Building Database <https://ec.europa.eu/energy/en/eu-buildings-database#how-to-use>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1)  the residential heat demand for a country is taken from the `EU Building Database <https://ec.europa.eu/energy/en/eu-buildings-database#how-to-use>`_.
```

Reviewer: maybe a better word than "taken" - but "requested" sounds like a request runs every time.

> 2)  on the lines of the electricity demand, the population of the country is requested from `EUROSTAT <https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&init=1&plugin=1&language=en&pcode=tps00001>`_.

Reviewer: Also here "requested" is not the right word. Could you adapt that in the electricity section, as well, please?

Author: Done with commit https://github.com/greco-project/pvcompare/pull/291/commits/87f85c86b5c53b0b48f8b045f4a89f3c5fb0ec7f.

> 3)  the total residential demand is divided by the countries population and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3)  the total residential demand is divided by the country's population and
```

>     multiplied by the house population that is calculated by the storeys

Reviewer: Could you please adapt this sentence here and in electricity section? Maybe better: 
"the total residential demand is divided by the country's population and multiplied by the population (for assumptions see :ref:`building_assumptions`)"

Author: Done with commit https://github.com/greco-project/pvcompare/pull/291/commits/87f85c86b5c53b0b48f8b045f4a89f3c5fb0ec7f.

Could you please check if `3)` is okay like that now?

:ref:`building_parameters` and is 15 °C by default. In case of space heating, heat demand
during summer is removed if the daily mean temperature exceeds the heating limit temperature.
The excess heat demand is then distributed equally over the remaining time of the year. In case
of a heat demand from space heating and warm water, only the heat demand of the space heating
is adjusted as described above.

The standard load profile is scaled with the annual heat demand for the given
population, which is derived from the given number of houses and storeys (for assumptions see :ref:`building_assumptions`). The annual heat demand for space heating and warm water is calculated by the
following procedure:

1)  the residential heat demand of a country is taken from the `EU Building Database <https://ec.europa.eu/energy/en/eu-buildings-database#how-to-use>`_.
2)  on the lines of the electricity demand, the population of the country is taken from `EUROSTAT <https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&init=1&plugin=1&language=en&pcode=tps00001>`_.
3)  the total residential demand is divided by the country's population

>     and multiplied by the population. The population is calculated by the product of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    and multiplied by the population living in the area considered. The latter is calculated by the product of the
```

    number of houses, the number of storeys and the number of people per storey (for
    assumptions see :ref:`building_assumptions`).
4)  Heat demand that occurs when a daily mean temperature is above the heating limit
    temperature is removed and distributed evenly over the heat demand of the remaining time
    of the year.

> 5)  The load profile is shifted due to countries specific behaviour following the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5)  For multiple countries, the load profile is adapted by hour shifting following the
```

        chiller,water-water,0.3,25,15,None,None

    (In this example with constant outlet temperature **temp_high**)

2. Stratified thermal storage
-----------------------------

In order to model a stratified thermal energy storage *pvcompare* provides precalculations of this component.
The parameters

    - ``installedCap``,
    - ``efficiency``,
    - ``fixed_losses_relative`` and
    - ``fixed_losses_absolute``

> can be obtained, if not provided, orientating on the stratified thermal storage component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be obtained, if not provided by the user, orientating on the stratified thermal storage component
```

of `oemof.thermal  <https://github.com/oemof/oemof-thermal>`__.

The precalculations are done passing the following input parameters with the file

> ``stratified_thermal_storage.csv`` which is located in the *pvcompare*'s iputs directory:

Reviewer: you could add a link to stratified_thermal_storage.csv, and maybe state that the parameters are explained there  + default values and references are given.

Author: Done with commit https://github.com/greco-project/pvcompare/pull/291/commits/87f85c86b5c53b0b48f8b045f4a89f3c5fb0ec7f.

* or use the precalculations with leaving ``installedCap`` open or set to NaN and passing a numeric with the ``height`` parameter:

    .. code-block:: python

            ,unit,storage capacity,input power,output power
            installedCap,kWh,,0,0

    (In this example the installed capacity is left open within :ref:`storage_02.csv`)

    .. code-block:: python

            var_name,var_value,var_unit
            height,2.04,m
            diameter,0.79,m
            temp_h,40,degC
            temp_c,34,degC
            s_iso,100,mm
            lamb_iso,0.03,W/(m*K)
            alpha_inside,4.3,W/(m2*K)
            alpha_outside,3.17,W/(m2*K)

    (In this example the ``height`` is provided as a numeric within :ref:`stratTES_parameters`)

The parameters ``U-value``, ``volume`` and ``surface`` of the storage, which are required to
calculate ``installedCap``, are precalculated as well within :ref:`thermal_storage`.

2.2 Efficiency
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The efficiency :math:`\eta` of the storage is calculated as follows:

.. math::
   \eta = 1 - loss{\_}rate

with the parameter ``loss_rate``, which is calculated in :ref:`thermal_storage` using the

> function calculate_losses(...) of *oemof.thermal*. Please see the

Reviewer: (...) is missing

Author: Done with commit https://github.com/greco-project/pvcompare/pull/291/commits/b41304b13a8d8c372c58acdd7869e7840b2eea68.

`oemof.thermal` `examples <https://github.com/oemof/oemof-thermal/tree/dev/examples/stratified_thermal_storage>`__
and the `documentation  <https://oemof-thermal.readthedocs.io/en/latest/stratified_thermal_storage.html>`__
for further information.

2.3 Fixed losses relative and absolute

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: Could you shortly explain what relative and absolute means here?

Author: Done with commit https://github.com/greco-project/pvcompare/pull/291/commits/b41304b13a8d8c372c58acdd7869e7840b2eea68.
